who are these folks that wear their
dreams on three wheels like others a
t-shirt or a designer sweater
they are Johanna and Dan ha fine retired
from Lafayette Indiana all during my
working years I intended to redo antique
correct classic never got around to it
then retired I thought do a KITT car and
that kind of fell through but when I saw
the plans to this in a magazine it
struck me as being the ideal project why
would you see this is the ideal project
well to begin with a motorcyclist and
the fact that this is built around a
motorcycle is the thing that really
enthused me about the project and also
it was something that was within my
capabilities it didn't depend on a kit
or anything so the challenge was much
greater it took a scavengers eye through
countless junkyards to create the front
end from a Volkswagen the mirrors from a
Mustang the louvers from a Datsun the
taillight from a defunct recreation
vehicle and the rear wheel the engine
the drivetrain all came from a Honda
Goldwing add to this recipe a few
special - imaginative flares and it can
take you into a totally different world
well it feels a bit like we're in a
fishbowl really
we have been photographed more from car
windows and it's just quite a show
really I'd like to see what it looks
like going down the road myself purists
argue what is it car or motorcycle has
no front bumper no windshield wipers and
only three wheels which disqualified as
a car on three counts what Dad and Johan
aha fine bring two Daytona's motorcycle
classics is their own interpretation of
an American dream well it takes a place
of golf everyday for instance for a
retiree and it's been a terrific
challenge it's just matter
of pride I suppose and oh just a little
hard to put into words really